c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\StudentApplication.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\StudentApplication.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\obj\Debug\StudentApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\obj\Debug\StudentApplication.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\obj\Debug\StudentApplication.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\Domain.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\StudentApplication\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\obj\Debug\StudentApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\obj\Debug\StudentApplication.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\obj\Debug\StudentApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\StudentApplication.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\StudentApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\Domain.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\StudentApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
